but now I'm doing heater fan and head
tap in this BMW I've removed the box
already obviously yeah fan is quite
seized and it it sort of turn it with a
finger and blows fuses and just doesn't
turn by itself and yes
tap is seized and the heater core is
probably stuffed as well I've got a
drill this thing apart though well the
heater core out that's box and as you
see on the ground there that's the kind
of stuff that's coming out so I'd say
that'd be blocked and if I flashed it or
stopped leaking so that's gonna be sent
off it yes we looked down the tap I
don't know if you can see that yeah sly
oh yes Christ completely blocked got a
package in the mouth thanks and contain
this blower motor we wait I've got to be
carried away and put it together it says
here's the winner to the BMW - ooh - and
you might have seen the video ages ago
the brushes burning because it was
seized and the brush holders got melted
I on the seized it but it was too late
so we got a new one from America
which was actually the wrong one now
that they look at it but you know the
owner of the car ordered it pretty close
but it's out of an earlier ban like it's
1600 or something
so I've modified the housing a little
bit and put two screws in and it works
quite nicely but you can see it's
different style and motor all together
filled one more this is permanent magnet
lately dick yes right well
happy belated gave a lubricant little
stiff when I showed up with nothing been
used in years
well here isn't here to call back in
this box
I got a trade card I've got it cleaned
and then it starts leaking as we you
would say had it all repaired so it
should be good now
well after a bit of messing around and
everything it's all pretty much ready to
go in they'll use the universal he did
tap here because the original one was
stuffed and I don't even know if it was
the original one and it was it tight
there because it was all broken and
so I've made this one fit hopefully I
can get it through the hole in firewall
it down have Brian over here to work the
controls you can see you know it doesn't
move around too much what doesn't they
ran at all really yeah yeah pretty good
that's fully off and it's fully on my
ass enough Brian thank you all right
well hey we're getting me all flagged up
around the pipes got Brian to do that
it's quite good of these little jobs
that stops all the air from coming out
take it pretty air flow through into the
cabin kill